---
title: A New Blog
author: David
categories:
    - article
image:
    url: images/post/2017-05-26-new-blog.png
    width: 750
    height: 400
    scale: false
tags:
    - tech
    - php

---

I have been frustrated for years, that while I work in tech and software
development, I have not made time for my own website. I have rotated through
landing pages, half implemented (on my end) CMS frameworks, photo galleries,
and other half-hearted attempts at a personal site.

---more---

A few years ago I was at Symfony Live in Portland and sat in on a presentation
from [Beau Simensen][1] about his new (at the time) php static site generator
[Sculpin][2]. I was familiar with other popular static site generators like
jekyll and Octopress. Octopress even falls into the category of half-hearted
attempts (again, on my end) I detailed above. I was impressed with Beau's work
and very interested in his project. Beau was using some Symfony components that
I was already familiar with, the `http kernel` and `twig`. I made a mental note
to take a look at Sculpin when I had some more time. Over the next few years I
downloaded Scuplin a couple of times, played with the code and blog template,
and then proceeded to not follow through with creating anything permanent.

Finally, this Spring, I decided that it was time to stop messing about and put
forth a serious effort to build a blog for my personal domain. I looked at the
current offerings of static content generators, considered Wordpress for a few
minutes (I sometimes use Wordpress for organizations I do work for that have
limited tech resources available to manage content), and decided I really liked
what Scuplin offered.

Once I got started, things came together pretty fast. I upgraded the Scuplin
blog template to the newest version of twitter bootstrap, pulled in the
latest Font Awesome icon pack, and then started building out a layout based on
some blog concepts and ideas I found around the web. UI design is not one of
my strengths. However, I'm fairly pleased with how the theme came together.
Next, I decided I really wanted as much of my web and social media content all
in one place. I reviewed the Instagram and Twitter API docs, and then pulled in
my content into a couple of areas on my site. Twitter was super easy. Instagram
required a few hurdles that seemed unnecessary to me, but hey, it works.

Now it's time to get busy creating some content. I figured this was a great
time to roll out the traditional "Hello Word" first post and highlight some of
the great tools I was able to use thanks to all the incredibly talented open
source software developers around the world.

Welcome to my site and thanks for visiting.

[1]: https://github.com/simensen
[2]: https://sculpin.io/
